
Basic framework to start:  simple grid, 1v1 human game.  Other ideas can be added from there

terrain ideas: plains, dirt road, forest, hills, mountains, bridges, oceans, swamp, desert (maybe merfolk can't go on a desert tile?)

Should there be ground, air, and naval forces?

Every race have their own 'mage' unit who has one more abilities that tie into the race?  dwarf mage can change a mountain (either create a mountain where one wasn't before or change a mountain that already exists), merfolk can change a tile into a water tile, etc.

Day/night cycle?  Affects vision, maybe some abilities?

Let some race play around with setting traps?  traps could do damage or make it so that the affected unit can't move for a turn or two.

Have there be mercenaries on the map you can recruit?  Getting them is really risky though....

Unit that reveals hidden units/traps around it, but the unit is pretty weak in a fight....should all races get this?  Or just a few/one? or it's a mercenary unit?


Race ideas:

Elves - not slowed down by forests?  Invisible in forests?
			ranged attacks only?  Poor defense to melee?  specialist unit that can limit a units movement if it lands a shot
Humans - maybe mechanically inclined?  Well rounded race?
			mage healing ability?  Or maybe a medic unit?  Maybe some type of 'light' magic abilities?
Goblins - better movement through mountains than other races?
			cheaper units=more units?  Mage ability = put two basic goblins on the field.
Dwarves - underground mechanic?  Maybe some burrowing?  
			build defenses?  better at defensive play, but can play an offensive siege style?  Mage ability- remove a mountain/turn mountain into a defensive structure/tunnel only dwarves can use.
Undead - come back to life after a certain number of turns?  
			Maybe bring back enemy units?
			Maybe have a unit that can cast a spell on another unit that will bring it back to life if the spell is still in effect (lasts a certain number of turns).  creates an odd effect where an enemy might let the unit live for a while and get in some damage because they don't want it to come back to life.

Merfolk - all units can move through water?  Units may only
			exist out of water for a few turns?  Or maybe they can only attack (or maybe defend well) if they've contacted water in the last x turns?  Mage who can summon water to a close location on the map.

Demons? - mage ability - very low chance to mind control an 
			enemy unit (mind control could be permanent or temporary) ?
			really costly to produce, can reduce cost with sacrifice ?


Mechanics to explore:  revealing fog of war.

Game modes: deathmatch, helms deep (defend a fortress for a certain number of turns, defense gets less units than offense, but maybe some sort of defense bonus?), capture the flag, protect the caravan, guard towns (something like having one big town and two little ones that each side is protecting, they provide you some bonus if you keep them alive, maybe producing units every x turns if you keep them alive.  Maybe players can choose where they put them on a map so they can try to lure an enemy into an ambush...)
